Prevent actions that affect roles and privileges during rolling upgrade (#15538)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.6.2.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed an issue that can cause errors during rolling upgrade from versions <
>   :ref:`version_5.6.0` to >= ``5.6.0`` if one of the following commands:
>   :ref:`DROP TABLE <drop-table>`, :ref:`DROP VIEW <sql-drop-view>`,
>   :ref:`RENAME TABLE <sql-alter-table-rename-to>`, or
>   :ref:`SWAP TABLE <alter_cluster_swap_table>` is executed during the rolling
>   upgraded and before the all nodes are upgraded to :ref:`version_5.6.1`, by
>   rejecting those actions until all nodes are upgraded to >= ``5.6.0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that can cause errors during a rolling upgrade to >= :ref:`version_5.6.0`
  if one of the following command is executed on relations with existing privileges:
   - :ref:`DROP TABLE <drop-table>`
   - :ref:`DROP VIEW <sql-drop-view>`
   - :ref:`RENAME TABLE <sql-alter-table-rename-to>`
   - :ref:`SWAP TABLE <alter_cluster_swap_table>`
   These commands are now rejected until all nodes are upgraded.
```
